---
layout: post
title: CV of Failure
date: 2016-05-03
type: post
---

I thought it would be fun to copy the idea of a [CV of Failure](http://www.princeton.edu/haushofer/Johannes_Haushofer_CV_of_Failures.pdf)

##Failed Undergrad Applications##
1996

* Stanford University

##Failed Graduate School Applications##
2001

* Harvard University
* California Institute of Technology
* University of Chicago
* University of California, Santa Cruz

##Failed Postdoctoral Fellowships##
2007-2010

* Hubble Fellowship (made 1st round of cuts, not awarded)
* NSF Fellowship (made 1st round of cuts, not awarded)
* Space Telescope Fellowship (didn't apply, they sent me a rejection anyway)

##Failed Faculty Applications##
2009-2012

* Over a dozen without making a single short list

##Failed Telescope Proposals##

* Galaxy Metallicities with the HET
* Satellite Galaxies with NOAO 4m

##Failed Projects##

* Oh man, one time I totally screwed up the signal-to-noise calculation. No where near enough exposure time to do what I wanted.

##Failed Publications##

* Yoachim et al. 2006:  Fig 16 is just totally wrong. Didn't notice until after publication. 
* Yoachim et al. 2008: Stuck a clever thing in the appendix and no one noticed so it got post-publication scooped
* Yoachim et al. 2010: Spun off some early results as a letter to try and pad publication record. No one fell for it.
* According to Sandin 2015, my entire thesis was just mistaking scattered light for star light.


##Failed Mentoring##

Most of my students have done incredibly well, but only because they were self-motivated enough to deal with me mostly ignoring them. Exceptions include:

* What's-her-name (2005)
* What's-his-face (2006)
* Wait, what happened to that guy (2015)

##Failed Industry Interviews##

* Amazon
* Zillow
* RedFin
* Facebook

##Failed Hobbies##

* Failed to record an out in an entire season of softball (2009)
* Have fewer twitter followers than @AndromedaBot (2014-present)
* Have a blarg that no one reads (2013-present)

## General Life Failures##

* No longer in grad school but still eat ramen noodles on a regular basis

